hey guys of Lima and we are here at the
LCS I am here with Team Liquid rain over
you guys just beat p1 what does this win
mean for you and your team I will say it
means like I mean it means good balance
a like it means a lot for a team because
we're still like bottom two or three
right now and yeah definitely smarter
good result and I hope like I think
during this stage game actually I think
we can improve and our communication
during the stage are getting better and
I think I like the fact that today like
we actually gave like accurate good
information so I think if we keep up
this good like communication I think I
think it's like pretty good and yeah I
guess because of the improvement I think
it was like I look worse I guess so I
know communication has always been kind
of like the center focus for you guys
over the past week so I was trying to
improve on it what measures or what
steps have you guys taken to improve
communication and how did that show
today like I know you mentioned it
improved during your game um basically
we used to communicate like a wrong
information about like gang setup or
dive setup or like vision and like also
like when someone you know like when
when for example top as for help then it
doesn't it's not like that our mid and
but doesn't have to talk you know it's
like it everyone should talk and like it
should be like you're deciding what to
do as a team even though you have a plan
you can change your plan but like we
were pretty bad at doing that so like we
usually like focus on like one thing so
much and there is usually like be
desperate if it doesn't work and usually
like if you basically I was just it was
not a good way to communicate during the
team game and of course like we knew it
a lot but it was just really hard to you
know fix because like we were just the
player like all five of us was just like
not working pretty well I guess about
justice for the communication so like
where we have been working on
nothing is getting better so yeah so how
does bringing in - I don't want to say
new because they've been around but how
does bringing in solution and konkwon
affect your communication habits
um I think solution conch on both have a
both talks a lot which is good and
basically they're new so they don't
really know how did we play in game as a
team so yeah we have been having some
rough like practice times at the
beginning but as like we understand each
other and as we improve our
communication I think it's usually you
know easier to start from like I fixed a
problem with the like a new new player
with new environment and like because
like we used to do like the same we used
up like same problem for like one split
one whole split and then now I think
it's kind of like easier to fix and it's
like we can see the improvement of the
communication - so how would you
describe maybe the team adaptation when
these two jumped in like for you guys
splitting up scream time or how did it
affect your practice at the beginning we
haven't used calm CONUS lu-shi that much
I mean we have been definitely screaming
but we haven't like used them as much
but as we keep making a lot of like
flaws during the game and not playing
well as a team so our our team
management try to like try to like fix
the roster and that's why they brought a
lot so that's why we're trying like the
time that was their thing - because yeah
I think it's definitely you know you you
like motivate each other and you help
each other and start working well so
yeah things that recently there we like
the roster we play on stage is like the
roster that effect is most during the
week so yeah recently were like taking
them with them a lot cool well this is
kind of like a special thing I
understand that you are extremely good
with a digit spinner I have never used a
fidgets spinner before in my life
could you please teach me how to use one
well the spinner I'm not good at all but
I mean just spinning like and
like I actually saw this like two weeks
ago because like Grayson was like keep
playing around with spinner so I just
measure to do this and he's dead so I
guess do it and I think solutio think
it's really good like he just like put
the put the spinner like I can't no trip
and I can't I don't my legs but I'm not
gonna like okay no all right let me let
me let me try I'm gonna I'll let you
hold the mic all right there you go so
just hold it like that and then I spent
oh this is easy that's really fun you
have to spin stronger yeah I hit my son
oh good that's all okay news nope nope
nope and we're gonna we'll cut it there
I should also point out that this is a
p1 spinner okay it's okay it's not yours
alright well do you have anything that
you'd like to say to your team look at
fans who are so happy that you guys
secured a win today
um yeah I mean thanks so much for
cheering for us and we got a victory
finally not finally because we have to
but I hope by this victory today we can
like bounce back strong and I feel like
yeah I say before I think we improved a
lot during a series maybe maybe it's
because anything we're making a lot of
mistakes but definitely the
communication I felt really good
today's game so I think next week or
even the next week I think we can
perform better and better so thanks guys
hey guys thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the content if you would like to
help me buy my puppy fresh a brand new
huge rawhide bone you can check it out
at the support page oddly calm slash
support